Fixes logpush_job.html.markdown (#392)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-cloudflare: website/docs/r/logpush_job.html.markdown

The following arguments are supported:

> * `name` - (Required) The name of the logpush job to create. Must match the following regular expression (ie. does not support `_`) : "^[a-zA-Z0-9\-\.]*$"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) The name of the logpush job to create. Must match the regular expression `^[a-zA-Z0-9\-\.]*$`
```

* `zone_id` - (Required) The zone ID where the logpush job should be created.

> * `desitination_conf` - (Required) Uniquely identifies a resource (such as an s3 bucket) where data will be pushed. Additional configuration parameters supported by the destination may be included. See [https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/logpush/logpush-configuration-api/understanding-logpush-api/#destination](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/logpush/logpush-configuration-api/understanding-logpush-api/#destination)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `destination_conf` - (Required) Uniquely identifies a resource (such as an s3 bucket) where data will be pushed. Additional configuration parameters supported by the destination may be included. See [Logpush destination documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/logpush/logpush-configuration-api/understanding-logpush-api/#destination)
```

> * `ownership_challenge` - (Required) Ownership challenge token to prove destination ownership. See [https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/logpush/logpush-configuration-api/understanding-logpush-api/#usage](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/logpush/logpush-configuration-api/understanding-logpush-api/#usage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ownership_challenge` - (Required) Ownership challenge token to prove destination ownership. See [Logpush usage documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/logpush/logpush-configuration-api/understanding-logpush-api/#usage)
```

> * `logpull_options` - (Optional) the logpull_options job parameter. See [https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/logpush/logpush-configuration-api/understanding-logpush-api/#options](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/logpush/logpush-configuration-api/understanding-logpush-api/#options)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `logpull_options` - (Optional) Configuration string for the Logshare API. It specifies things like requested fields and timestamp formats. See [Logpull options documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/logpush/logpush-configuration-api/understanding-logpush-api/#options)
```

> * `enable` - (Optional) Whether to enable to job to create or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `enable` - (Optional) Whether the Logpush job is enabled.
```

## Import

> Once logpush job supports import, it can imported using a composite ID formed of zone ID and logpush job ID, e.g.

Reviewer: If this isn't something we support at the moment, let's just get rid of the import section entirely.
